---
layout: blog-template
title: "South East Asia - Day 10"
subHeading: "Long drive to Phang Bay"
bannerImage: /
date: 2024-12-31
author: Amy Sellitti
comments: true
---

Well after a late night last night the early morning rise was not appreciated but by some miracle we ended up downstairs for our tour at 7.15am. We we're heading on a Royal Caribbean excursion today out to Phang Nga Bay.

We joined our group were guided into a tender boat and then onto our tour bus. Our guide was amazing and had us all organised and seated and we started our 2 hour bus ride to Phang Nga Bay.   First stop was at 7/11 to get some snacks at drinks. I have seen lots of suggestions  to get the toasted sandwiches which we did and they were quite good. We passed heaps of rubber tree plantations and got to see a bit of rural Thailand. Phang Nga Bay is not in Phuket but on the mainland of Thailand.

After a two hour drive we ended up at the dock where we boarded into a motor boat. We were off jetting thought the mangroves and seeing the beautiful mountains of Phang Nga. It was breathtaking.  This whole area was used for filming of a few movies. For instance one I didnt know was that Chewbacca’s home planet of Kashyyyk, which appears in Revenge of the Sith was all filmed in Phang Nga Bay. Most people will know that James Bond Man with the golden Gun was filmed here too and we got to drive around there as well. It was all beautiful limestone cliffs.

We stopped for lunch at Ko Panyi which is a Muslim floating fishing village in the middle of Phang Nga. The restaurant was great and we had a buffet. It was weird sitting at the table and then looking down and you could see through the floor is the ocean. After lunch we went on a little walk through the floating village and were given time for shopping. I struggle in South East Asia as I hate being annoyed by shop keepers who keep hounding you. Some of them are so rude, after  a couple of stalls I had enough and headed inside to the less local stalls.

We all meet back on the boat and we headed back through all the beautiful mountains and back to the bus. It was a small drive to the Reclining Buddha at Wat Suwan Khuha.  It's a temple inside a cave. It's was cool to look at but we were pretty tired by now so it back onto the bus for a 2 hour drive to Phuket.

