---
layout: blog-template
title: "South Pacific Cruise - Day 8"
subHeading: "A spider is not an insect and a cube is not a square"
bannerImage: /
date: 2025-09-26
author: Amy Sellitti
comments: true
---

It was another whole day at sea today and it was a great day. We all got up a little late but Anthony and I managed to make it time for buffet breakfast. Having all the meals catered for is the thing I will miss the most when we get off this boat. 

We spent some time walking around the boat. Chris really likes level 7 as you can walk around the full boat. It is also super quiet out there you rarely see anyone. 

We decicded to some trivia and we had DJ Newface running it. DJ Newface has been great all cruise, he is a Jamacian man who makes everyone only answer him saying "Yeah, Man" in a jamacian accent. However someone had decided to give the poor guy the Capital City Trivia. DJ had so much issues pronouncing all the different countries, cities and rivers. He took it in his stride but it was so funny! It is a great example how being able to sound out words does not actually help with a lot of English words (escpeially places). After that trivia which we only got 2 wrong. DJ New Face then ran the Majority Rules game- the idea of this game is you get the same answer as the majority of people. Well it was hilarious as people and DJ Newface were disqualifying people for having things from the wrong catergories. For example for "Name an Insect" a couple of groups yelled out spider. DJ Newface replied with "Nah, man. A spider is not an insect... no points" It was seriosuly the funniest hour of the cruise. There was some yelling at DJ Newface when he decided that Coffee and Beer were not beverages... hahahaha!

We ate more food, hung out and laughed all afternoon and before we knew it it was time for sunset. We headed to the front of the boat to see the most beautiful sunset! It was such a beautiful way to end our last night on the cruise. We had a wonderful dinner and then had to go pack. I am so grateful for Chris and Joe coming on this trip with us! It has been so awesome. 

The next morning we had to disembark! I was so sad its been a great week. We headed to the airport and hung around for a bit before our flight back to Melbourne. A great cruise to see some really unique countiries and island life. 